# Bpmn To Wdg Compiler

## Description

This utility takes BPMN generated by IBM BlueWorks Live and converts it to executable WAL.
See https://www.ibm.com/products/blueworkslive

## Usage

Download this repo as a zip and extract to a folder of your choice.
Create a new process in BlueWorks Live.  
Export the process as BPMN 2.0
Save the zip to a folder of your choice.
Extract the zip.
Enter the unzipped folder and drill down to locate the bpmn file with the name of your process.
Copy this bpmn to:

```
[directory in which this README resides]\data\[FILENAME].bpmn
```
Prerequisite. Ensure you have java installed.

In a command prompt, enter the directory in which this README resides and execute:

```
mkdir generated
java -jar bpmnToWal.jar .\data\[FILENAME].bpmn [Y|N]
```

Y = Generate from documentation
N = Generate skeleton (default)

Upon successful execution the WAL code is generated here:

```
.\generated\[FILENAME].txt
```

Back in WDG Studio, create a new WAL File.
Enter the script tab and paste the contents of the generated file specified above.
Your code should be ready to run.  

## Bugs and Limitations

If your BPMN contains subprocesses, the subprocess is generated as a separate txt file.  
This file needs to be created as a WAL and  referred to in the ExecuteScript statement of the calling WAL script.

Duplicate functions are created when generating subprocesses

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. For major changes, please open an issue first to discuss what you would like to change.

Please make sure to update tests as appropriate.
